1. TERMS

By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
 

2. SINGLE USE LICENSE

(a) This Single Use License grants you, the Purchaser, an ongoing, non-exclusive, worldwide license to make use of the digital work (Code Snippet) you have purchased. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title.

(b) You may use a single Code Snippet multiple times within one website. However, that Code Snippet may not be used on multiple websites unless repurchased per each additional website or if repurchased as a Developer License.

(c) You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials or Code Snippets provided.

(d) You can’t re-distribute the Code Snippet as stock, in a tool or template, or with source files. You cannot do this with an Item either on its own or bundled with other items, and even if you modify the Item. You cannot redistribute or make available the Item "as is" or with superficial modifications. These things are not allowed even if the redistribution is for Free.

(e) This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by JoeFuentes.me at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
 

3. DEVELOPER LICENSE

(a) This Developer License grants you, the Purchaser, an ongoing, non-exclusive, worldwide license to make use of the digital work (Code Snippet) you have purchased. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title.

(b) You may use a single Code Snippet multiple times on as many websites for you or your client(s) for as long as you wish.

(c) You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials or Code Snippets provided.

(d) You can’t re-distribute the Code Snippet as stock, in a tool or template, or with source files. You cannot do this with an Item either on its own or bundled with other items, and even if you modify the Item. You cannot redistribute or make available the Item "as is" or with superficial modifications. These things are not allowed even if the redistribution is for Free.

(e) This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by JoeFuentes.me at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
 

4. DISCLAIMER

The materials on JoeFuentes.me's web site are provided "as is". JoeFuentes.me makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, JoeFuentes.me does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
 

5. LIMITATIONS

In no event shall JoeFuentes.me or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on JoeFuentes.me's web site, even if JoeFuentes.me or a JoeFuentes.me authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
 

6. REVISIONS AND ERRATA

The materials appearing on JoeFuentes.me's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. JoeFuentes.me does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. JoeFuentes.me may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. JoeFuentes.me does not make any commitment to update the materials.
 

7. LINKS

JoeFuentes.me has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by JoeFuentes.me. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
 

8. SITE TERMS OF USE MODIFICATIONS

JoeFuentes.me may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
 

9. GOVERNING LAW

Any claim relating to JoeFuentes.me's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Revision date: July 19th, 2017